this is the story of one of the best
players that has ever held two hockey
stick
his name is Shabbos army he have seen
amazing players that are made Shabbos
can be considered the master of the
dribbling he was a player like no other
who defined the winning generation and
the new hockey era for Pakistan
captain Pakistan to the 1994 World Cup
title in Sydney the last global triumph
for the country in the much-loved
national sport in this video we can see
his performance in the final against the
Netherlands which is considered by many
as one of the greatest displays of
dribbling body dodges ball control and
stick work the world has ever seen his
main asset was his incredible Fitness
alive and agile athlete who had supple
muscle and powerful legs that helped to
run around the field with ease
the respect that he received on and off
the field made him one of the most
likable players of his era rarely was he
seen arguing with the umpires and
experts often quipped that a player of
his ability was too good to indulge in
unnecessary antics
from 1990 to 1994 Shabbos was the best
player in the game he won the player of
the tournament Awards in both the 1990
and 1994 World Cups and did a bigger
impact than any other player in the 1992
Barcelona Olympics as Pakistan grabbed
the bronze medal
with his trademark dribbling skills and
Crossfield runs Chavez possessed the
rare ability of producing magic when
least expected during that era Pakistan
produced some of the finest players in
the history but this man arguably ranks
higher than any player his control of
the hockey ball lightning runs from one
end of the field to another razor sharp
and accurate passes for the center
forwards made him a Maradona of hockey
don't forget to like a hockey world on
Facebook and follow us on Twitter